---
title: New Term!
layout: post
author: arun.tandon
permalink: /new-term!/
source-id: 1hs_CVd0n_bEILJjPVipKWIZn7P4PFr8cUExsM5_XZ9E
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>New Term!</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>05/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We have a new teacher, Mr Keen</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn a bit more about binary</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I used a few learning strategies this lesson. I applied my past knowledge as I already knew a bit about binary so that gave me a slight head start. Also I listened to what the teacher said as he told us many tricks that made it easier to get the number we needed from the binary. Also after my friends and I had done one of the questions we checked our answer with each other to make sure that we were right.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on not getting my binary numbers the wrong way round as I used to think that in 8 bit the binary columns went 1/2/4/8/16/32… but they actually go 128/64/32/16/8/4.... . Also I should work on doing the sums on paper as well just to check that I have got the right answer as I have a tendency to do sums in my head. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that next lesson I will bring a calculator as it will be quite hard to do some of the sums without it. Also I could note some of the things that I learnt in the lesson so that I remember them later on.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


