---
title: Blogging 4
layout: post
author: arun.tandon
permalink: /blogging-4/
source-id: 1CK8wCxYMcKXpa7BlaJFGFJy3H_wwdzqGuk1sFcxZnPo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blogging 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We looked at our blogs </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To continue learning python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Firstly we looked our blogs to see if anyone had any problems or issues. Some people didn't have table commands so Mr Keen had to show them using w3schools (a very useful website). For most of the lesson we focused on doing python. I learnt by using my knowledge from last lesson as we learnt lots that would be needed in this lesson. Also I learnt by help from my friends and looking at the error message that codecademy gives me. I think that these error messages are very important as they show you where you went wrong so that next time you can get that right.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the first part of the lesson my hands were very cold so I couldn’t type very quickly and that slowed me down. Also I should not put very long answers in strings (unless I have to) as that also wastes time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will come back with my python on a higher percentage of completion as I will do some at home. Hopefully I will not have an illness next week (as I did this week) so I will be less tired and cough less.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


