---
title: Blogging 3
layout: post
author: arun.tandon
permalink: /blogging-3/
source-id: 103yyp32x3Kl-60LoZwcKjQtUUajtrk59NrYF1Kjk6yg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blogging 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Today we started learning Python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn some of the basics of Python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we started learning python. We used a website called codecademy for this. I also used some of my past coding knowledge as some of the commands in python were similar to that of other types of code (such as the print command in the fuzeboxes). Also we had to use many different strategies when we made an error. Firstly look at what the error message was and try to figure out where you have gone wrong. If you can not find a mistake then ask a friend as they might have the answer. Finally, if all else fails, ask Mr Keen.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I definitely need to work on not making errors when I type because sometimes the first letter has to be a capital or a lowercase. Also I should try and type a little bit faster as my typing is very slow and when we have to do long strings that wastes time. Also I make sure not to skip the instructions and what the code does (written on the left of the page) as that is very important</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will have come back into the lesson with a bit more knowledge about python as I will do some codecademy at home and this is the first time that I have ever done python.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


