---
title: Blogging 5
layout: post
author: arun.tandon
permalink: /blogging-5/
source-id: 1TBO565MAIdq5PU6hrLzKmPk0b6nZV3a9K5cHf_RlPXU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blogging 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We are still learning python on codecademy.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get 5% on my python course an codecademy this lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we did more of python on codecademy. I managed to get 5% after completing the functions section. I used multiple learning strategies. The main one was looking at the error message that it displays on the screen. This helps a lot as it is usually quite a specific error. Also another strategy I used was asking my friends as sometimes they have already done the bit that I would be on so they can explain it to me.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on getting more done in the lesson as I only got away with the bare minimum (5%) this lesson so next lesson I will aim a little bit higher. Also I was missing a lot of colons after the if, else and when you define a function so I need to remember that.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will come in with my python course more complete, I will probably hit the 40% mark during the lesson. Also I will read the information on the left a bit more so that I understand the code that I am writing a bit more.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


